README.md, before:

# Laravel Nova CSV Import

[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/simonhamp/laravel-nova-csv-import/v/stable)](https://packagist.org/packages/simonhamp/laravel-nova-csv-import)
[![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/simonhamp/laravel-nova-csv-import/downloads)](https://packagist.org/packages/simonhamp/laravel-nova-csv-import)
[![License](https://poser.pugx.org/simonhamp/laravel-nova-csv-import/license)](https://packagist.org/packages/simonhamp/laravel-nova-csv-import)

A simple CSV import tool for Laravel Nova. This package builds on top of the great work done by Sparclex with the [nova-import-card](https://github.com/Sparclex/nova-import-card) package.

![Laravel Nova CSV Import Screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/simonhamp/laravel-nova-csv-import/master/screenshots/readme.png)

## Installation

Install via Composer:

```bash
composer require simonhamp/laravel-nova-csv-import
```

Once installed, you must register the component in your app's `NovaServiceProvider` (`app/Providers/NovaServiceProvider.php`):

```php
namespace App\Providers;

use SimonHamp\LaravelNovaCsvImport\LaravelNovaCsvImport;

class NovaServiceProvider extends NovaApplicationServiceProvider
{
    public function tools()
    {
        return [
            new LaravelNovaCsvImport,
        ];
    }
}
```

## Options
|Option|Description|Default|
|------|-----------|-------|
static $canImportResource | set static boolean value to allow import to the Nova Resource | true
method canImportResource | define the function to return boolean to allow import to the Nova Resource. Precede static value. | N/A
  
  
### example 
  
```php
// App\Nova\User
public static function canImportWithCSV(Request $request)
{
    return $request->user()->can("create", self::$model);
}
```

## Testing

We need tests! Can you help? Please consider contributing.

## Contributing

Please see [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.

## License

The MIT License (MIT). Please see [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) for more details.

Commit message:

- add exceptAttributesImportResource method allow attributes to be omit - allow config to export - added documentation

README.md, after:

# Laravel Nova CSV Import

[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/simonhamp/laravel-nova-csv-import/v/stable)](https://packagist.org/packages/simonhamp/laravel-nova-csv-import)
[![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/simonhamp/laravel-nova-csv-import/downloads)](https://packagist.org/packages/simonhamp/laravel-nova-csv-import)
[![License](https://poser.pugx.org/simonhamp/laravel-nova-csv-import/license)](https://packagist.org/packages/simonhamp/laravel-nova-csv-import)

A simple CSV import tool for Laravel Nova. This package builds on top of the great work done by Sparclex with the [nova-import-card](https://github.com/Sparclex/nova-import-card) package.

![Laravel Nova CSV Import Screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/simonhamp/laravel-nova-csv-import/master/screenshots/readme.png)

## Installation

Install via Composer:

```bash
composer require simonhamp/laravel-nova-csv-import
```

Once installed, you must register the component in your app's `NovaServiceProvider` (`app/Providers/NovaServiceProvider.php`):

```php
namespace App\Providers;

use SimonHamp\LaravelNovaCsvImport\LaravelNovaCsvImport;

class NovaServiceProvider extends NovaApplicationServiceProvider
{
    public function tools()
    {
        return [
            new LaravelNovaCsvImport,
        ];
    }
}
```

## Options
type |Option|Description|Default|
|-----|------|-----------|-------|
static | $canImportResource | set static boolean value to allow import to the Nova Resource | true
method | canImportResource | define the function to return boolean to allow import to the Nova Resource. Precede static value. | N/A
method | exceptAttributesImportResource | define the function to return attributes that would need not show up in selection of import | N/A  
  

### example 
  
```php
// App\Nova\User
public static function canImportWithCSV(Request $request)
{
    return $request->user()->can("create", self::$model);
}
```

## Importer Class 
The package use https://github.com/Maatwebsite/Laravel-Nova-Excel class behind the science. All the attributes and data are passed to the `importer` class which implements many of class provided by the Laravel-Nova-Excel. You can find more information here: https://docs.laravel-excel.com/3.1/imports/basics.html#importing-basics 
You can define your own importer class to customize to your needs by providing class name in config file. 
  
  Export config file 
  ```
  php artisan vendor:publish --tag=nova-csv-import
  ``` 

define own importer class
```
<?php

return [
    'importer' =>  App\Utilities\Importer::class,
];
```
## Testing

We need tests! Can you help? Please consider contributing.

## Contributing

Please see [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.

## License

The MIT License (MIT). Please see [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) for more details.
